Testing:

P12_2: 
	1.	reasons for causing random place crash:
		a.	random number
		b.	uninitialized variable, esp. in C
		c.	memory leak, such as heap overflow, stack corruption (such as buffer overflow by scanf), or simply not enough memory space.
			crash may take place randomly because other applications may take random amount of memory resource at a given time.
		d.	external dependencies, maybe other applications will feed input or control some aspects of the application
	2.	What to do?
		a.	talk with app developer to learn as much as possible about the app's functionality, how it was designed, what behaviors it has, etc.
		b.	isolate and track down the source of problem. Eliminates as much aspects as possible to narrow down possible source of error
		c.	Use tools. Runtime check (valgrind, GDB), unit test, etc.

P12_3:
	There are two major kinds of test cases for unit test: normal scenario test and exception case test. For exception test, we should know
	whether the method should throw exception or return false, and test its behavior accordingly. For normal case, we should do as much as we can
	to cover all possible moves, such as for every kind of piece(including empty piece, if such object exsists), every direction, every possible
	enviornment, esp when other friend or enemy piece is in our way, or at the destination. Test both sides is also necessary

P12_4:
	Load testing helps to identify a web application's maximum operating capacity,as well as any bottlenecks that may interfere with its performance. 
	Similarly,it can check how an application responds to variationsin load.
	
P12_5:
	very wierd question, but to begin with, ask many questions on "who, what, where, when, how and why". A good tester knows exactly what he is testing
	before he test it.
	For structuring test, test whether it is what it is, then whether it does what it does, then whether it holds up/ don't cause trouble
	when it is used in unintended usage.
	Always test on both intended and unintended use of the object.